cluster_by in dynamic tables (#8102)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs.md

 alter table my_database.my_schema.my_table cluster by (session_start);
```

### Dynamic table clustering

> Starting dbt Core v1.x, the `cluster_by` configuration is supported in dynamic tables. When set, dbt includes the clustering specification in the `CREATE DYNAMIC TABLE` statement.

Reviewer: 1.10

> Starting dbt Core v1.x, the `cluster_by` configuration is supported in dynamic tables. When set, dbt includes the clustering specification in the `CREATE DYNAMIC TABLE` statement.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting in dbt Core v1.10, the `cluster_by` configuration is supported in dynamic tables. When set, dbt includes the clustering specification in the `CREATE DYNAMIC TABLE` statement.
```

> Starting in dbt Core v1.10, the `cluster_by` configuration is supported in dynamic tables. When set, dbt includes the clustering specification in the `CREATE DYNAMIC TABLE` statement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting in <Constant name="core"/> v1.10, dynamic tables support the `cluster_by` configuration. When set, dbt includes the clustering specification in the `CREATE DYNAMIC TABLE` statement.
```

> Starting dbt Core v1.x, the `cluster_by` configuration is supported in dynamic tables. When applied to a dynamic table, dbt includes the clustering specification in the `CREATE DYNAMIC TABLE` statement.

Author: Could you please confirm what version this was introduced in?

For example:

```sql
{{ config(
    materialized='dynamic_table',
    snowflake_warehouse='COMPUTE_WH',
    target_lag='1 minute',
    cluster_by=['session_start', 'user_id']
) }}

select
    session_id,
    user_id,
    min(event_time) as session_start,
    max(event_time) as session_end,
    count(*) as count_pageviews
from {{ source('snowplow', 'event') }}
group by 1, 2
```

This config generates the following SQL when compiled:

```sql
create or replace dynamic table my_database.my_schema.my_table
  target_lag = '1 minute'
  warehouse = COMPUTE_WH
  cluster by (session_start, user_id)
as (
  select
    session_id,
    user_id,
    min(event_time) as session_start,
    max(event_time) as session_end,
    count(*) as count_pageviews
  from source_table
  group by 1, 2
);
```

> Clustering for dynamic tables is specified at creation via `CLUSTER BY` in the `CREATE DYNAMIC TABLE` statement. A separate `ALTER TABLE` statement isn’t required.

Reviewer 2: active voice
```suggestion
You can specify clustering for dynamic tables when you create them using `CLUSTER BY` in the `CREATE DYNAMIC TABLE` statement. You don’t need to run a separate `ALTER TABLE` statement.
```
